well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about a
question i've gotten
multiple times over the last week so
much so that i have to assume that
somebody on like a major network
mentioned it is a possibility and
i just haven't heard about it we're
going to go through it as kind of a
thought
exercise because there's something in
the question
that i think is very valuable and i
think that
we should consciously recognize it
the question is whether or not
the outgoing president of the united
states donald trump
might go to a foreign power
with the secrets that he has
it's a cool question um like most things
of a clandestine nature
the answer is it depends it depends
i mean the idea of a
president a head of state flipping
and becoming an asset of a foreign power
that is amazing
it's it's unthinkable right
not really happens all the time it
happens
all the time um
and realistically there is not a service
on the entire planet who wouldn't
love to debrief a president of the
united states
so on its face and this this isn't a
silly question it happens
all the time with countries that we view
as lesser
okay so now that we've established yeah
i mean sure
the opposition would definitely try to
do something like that
um the next question is the the
pragmatic stuff the
realistic stuff does he actually have
anything
that they can use does he have anything
to offer him
we've talked about it before on this
channel
why secrets become secrets why secrets
are secret
it's not the information itself
things become classified to obscure
means and methods
to hide how the information was obtained
put it in a cold war setting we find out
that the soviets have a new secret plane
they can know that we know that they
have a secret plane they can know the
specs that we have
because they're their specs they can
know that we know that they know
what they can't know is how we know
because that would endanger the assets
on the ground
in the very early days of the trump
administration there were people that
had trouble getting clearances
20 people have asked this 20 people have
asked me about whether or not
trump could end up working for a foreign
power
i'm assuming those people aren't in the
intelligence field
if 20 average americans
have considered it as a possibility i
assure you
that the professional paranoids in
our intelligence services have
obscuring means and methods when writing
a report
for intelligence officers that's just
tuesday
that's it's not a big deal it's
something they do
all the time i would bet
just about anything that from the very
beginning
any report that the president received
had the means and that methods obscured
unless he absolutely had to know them
so what does that mean that he has what
does he have to offer
loose information about programs
you know no technical specifics no means
and methods just the idea that yes
this exists somewhere
but to be honest the opposition services
probably already know all of that
historically
the us actually isn't top tier at this
the us isn't the best the opposition
countries right now
are russia china israel and the uk are
really good too
those are the best countries they
probably already know
everything the president they probably
know more than he knows because
they actually read their reports and we
know that he doesn't always read his
daily briefing we know that he didn't
really pay attention
in them so even if there was
some means and methods that got
disclosed
he probably didn't hear it or
didn't read the report that it was in
it's unlikely that he has anything of
value for them
that doesn't mean they wouldn't debrief
him just as a propaganda win
but doesn't really have anything of
value and they can't just go off of what
he says
either would you trust him
if he was your asset would you trust him
how credible are his statements
person who makes up numbers on the fly
who embellishes everything
his information wouldn't be worth
anything
but to be honest
if a foreign power got access to trump
he wouldn't be used for gathering
information it's not what he
that that would be a really poor use of
him
he would be used as an agent of
influence
somebody who uses his position whether
it be an official one
or just a thought leader
to influence policy to influence public
opinion
in a manner that is beneficial to the
opposition
service that's how he would be used
is that possible yeah sure
realistically yeah i mean that
absolutely it is possible
i haven't seen any hard proof of that i
wouldn't discount it
but i haven't seen anything that makes
me
believe he is anything more than
incompetent
a lot of his decisions did in fact
benefit uh one of the opposition nations
that that that's true
but i don't know that he was instructed
to do that
i think that he probably just
he was probably just bad at what he did
so why do i think this is cool why why
do i think this was a cool thought
exercise
because it can happen here right now
because of president trump
the american people are having to
entertain
ideas that they've never had to
entertain before
such as whether or not there's going to
be a peaceful transfer of power
is our president a puppet
i think that this is something that we
should be consciously aware of
it really flies in the face of that
american exceptionalism
that it can't happen here and the more
people that recognize that yeah
absolutely it can happen here the more
we're on guard for it
and the less likely it is to happen
so did trump or will trump
sell secrets to the bad guys
we don't know uh if he does
we will know because the most valuable
thing
to an intelligence service when it comes
to this
would be disclosing that they planted
somebody as the head of state of the
united states
that would be the ultimate propaganda
win
it would force the united states to
spend
billions upon billions upon billions of
dollars to increase security and
background checks
it would just strike at the very
foundations of this
democracy in this country
so just rest assured that if this
is the case oh they're gonna tell us
because it would be the ultimate black
eye for the united states
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day